[Urgent] ES seeking ES, EC or SP role / [Urgent] ES recherche un rôle ES, EC ou SP
Deployment (seeking)  about 2 weeks ago
English version — La version française précède

Hi, I am pursing entry level opportunities at the ES-02/03, EC-02/04 or SP-05/06 level.
I have worked in the Canada Revenue Agency both as a student and now as a junior analyst (ES-02, equals to EC-02 and SP-05). During my time with the Agency I have gained experience in creating executive dashboards and reports with Power BI, and conducting extensive research in order to identify ways to improve business processes.
Official Language Profile: English essential.
Security Clearance: Reliability
I am currently on a term contract, which unfortunately due to budget constraints cannot be extended and ends on March 13 2025. If you are looking to fill such role, I would love to hear from you . Please feel free to contact me at gorkem.bayar@cra-arc.gc.ca.
Best.

Technical Skills
Programming languages: Python, SQL
Data analysis and visualization tools: Power BI, Tableau, DAX
Data management and migration: ETL, ELT
Machine learning: Scikit-Learn, NumPy, Mathplotlib
Data modeling and governance: Data mapping, data mining, data locating
Cloud platforms: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure

Projects
Exploratory Data Analysis and Model Training | Python, numpy, scikit-learn, mathplotlib, model training
Permanent Residency admission dashboard | Power BI, Fabric, ETL
Visualizing global water scarcity | Tableau, data prep, ETL

Education
Grad. Certificate in Business Intelligence System Infrastructure at Algonquin College (2022) ● Capstone project: Conducted Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) using Power BI, findings that influenced Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada’s (AAFC) hiring strategies.
BSc in Actuarial Sciences at Hacettepe University (2013) ● Capstone project: Predictive analytics with SPSS Modeler - linear regression to calculate insurance premiums.

Professional Experience
Canada Revenue Agency - Jr. Analyst Toronto, ON - (May 2023 - Present)
Developed and maintained advanced Power BI dashboards, utilizing data visualization, data cleaning, and ETL skills to streamline and optimize HR and IT reporting processes.
Conducted comprehensive data analysis, applying predictive analytics and statistical modeling techniques to inform strategic decisions regarding project statuses and resource utilization.
Facilitated stakeholder engagement sessions, leveraging communication and interpersonal skills to capture and address data reporting needs.

Canada Revenue Agency - Jr. Project Officer Toronto, ON - (Sep 2022 - May 2023)
Executed quality assurance for business architecture documentation, ensuring project accuracy and compliance, and utilizing data governance and documentation review skills, which resulted in a 20% reduction in project risks.
Managed subject matter expert (SME) efforts in transitioning to GCdocs, enhancing document management efficiency, and applying change management and data migration skills, which led to a 30% reduction in document processing time.
Successfully delivered 4 projects on time and within budget constraints, showcasing project planning, resource allocation, and project management skills.
 
 Version française

Bonjour, je recherche des opportunités de niveau d'entrée au niveau ES-02/03,EC-02/04 or SP-05/06.
J'ai travaillé à l'Agence du revenu du Canada à la fois comme étudiant et maintenant comme analyste subalterne (ES-02, égale à EC-02 et SP-05). Au cours de mon mandat à l'Agence, j'ai acquis de l'expérience dans la création de tableaux de bord et de rapports exécutifs avec Power BI et dans la réalisation de recherches approfondies afin d'identifier des moyens d'améliorer les processus opérationnels.
Profil de Langue Officielle: Anglais essentiel.
Sécurité: Fiabilité
Je suis actuellement sur un contrat à terme, qui malheureusement en raison de contraintes budgétaires ne peut pas être prolongé et se termine le 13 mars 2025. Si vous cherchez à remplir un tel rôle, j'aimerais avoir de vos nouvelles . N'hésitez pas à communiquer avec moi à gorkem.bayar@cra-arc.gc.ca.

Meilleur.

Compétences Techniques
Langages de programmation: Python, SQL
Outils d'analyse et de visualisation des données: Power BI, Tableau, DAX
Gestion et migration des données: ETL, ELT
Apprentissage automatique: Scikit-Learn, NumPy, Mathplotlib
Modélisation et gouvernance des données: Cartographie des données, exploration des données, localisation des données
Plateformes cloud: Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure

Projets
Exploratory Data Analysis and Model Training | Python, numpy, scikit-learn, mathplotlib, model training
Tableau de bord d'admission de résidence permanente | Power BI, Tissu, ETL
Visualisation de la pénurie mondiale d'eau | Tableau, préparation des données, ETL

Éducation
Grade. Certificate in Business Intelligence System Infrastructure at Algonquin College (2022) - Projet Capstone: Conducted Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) using Power BI, constats that influenced Agriculture and Agroalimentaire Canada’s (AAFC) embauching strategies.
BSc in Actuarial Sciences at Hacettepe University (2013) - Projet Capstone: Analyse prédictive avec SPSS Modeler - régression linéaire pour calculer les primes d'assurance.

Expérience Professionnelle
Agence du revenu du Canada - Jr. Analyste Toronto, ON - (Mai 2023 - Présent)
Développé et maintenu des tableaux de bord Power BI avancés, utilisant la visualisation des données, le nettoyage des données et les compétences ETL pour rationaliser et optimiser les processus de reporting RH et IT.
Effectué une analyse complète des données, en appliquant des techniques d'analyse prédictive et de modélisation statistique pour éclairer les décisions stratégiques concernant l'état des projets et l'utilisation des ressources.
Des séances de mobilisation des parties prenantes ont été facilitées, tirant parti des compétences en communication et en relations interpersonnelles pour saisir et répondre aux besoins en matière de rapports de données.

Agence du revenu du Canada - Jr. Agent de projet Toronto, ON - (Sep 2022 - Mai 2023)
Assurance de la qualité de la documentation d'architecture d'entreprise, exactitude et conformité des projets, et utilisation des compétences en gouvernance des données et en revue de documentation, réduisant de 20% les risques.
Les efforts d'experts en matière gérée (PME) dans la transition vers GCdocs, l'amélioration de l'efficacité de la gestion des documents, et l'application des compétences de gestion du changement et de migration des données, ce qui a conduit à une réduction de 30% du temps de traitement des documents.
A réalisé avec succès 4 projets dans les délais et dans les limites budgétaires, mettant en valeur la planification de projet, l'allocation des ressources et les compétences en gestion de projet.

Opportunity Details:
Program area: Information Technology
Number of opportunities: 1
Ideal start date: 2025-01-03
Ideal completion date: unknown
Application deadline: 2025-03-13
The opportunity can be completed virtually: Yes
Is this opportunity only available within CRA-ARC? No
Location of opportunity: Ontario
Security level: Reliability
Skills sought in candidate: Data Analysis, Data Management, Data Integration, Business Intelligence, Business Analysis, Project Management, Python, SQL, DAX

Language requirements:
Written comprehension:English (C)
Written expression:English (C)
Oral proficiency:English (C)

Scheduling requirements:
Time commitment: 37.5 hours per week
